# Cheat Sheet ## Unified properties | Property | Type | Descriptions | | --- | --- | --- | | _label | string | Defines the visible or semantic label of the component (e.g. aria-label, label, headline, caption, summary, etc.). | | _label | string | Defines the visible or semantic label of the component (e.g. aria-label, label, headline, caption, summary, etc.). Set to `false` to enable the expert slot. | | _label | string | Sets the visible or semantic label of the component (e.g. Aria label, Label, Headline, Caption, Summary, etc.). | | _tooltip-align | "bottom" &#124; "left" &#124; "right" &#124; "top" | Defines where to show the Tooltip preferably: top, right, bottom or left. | | _hide-label | boolean | Deprecated:⚠️ We do not support the `_hide-label` property for the `kol-badge` element, since it would not be accessible without visible labeling. A separate tooltip is not planed, because a badge is not an interactive element. | | _hide-label | boolean | Hides the caption by default and displays the caption text with a tooltip when theinteractive element is focused or the mouse is over it. | | _tab-index | number | Defines which tab-index the primary element of the component has. (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) | | _disabled | boolean | Deprecated: Makes the element not focusable and ignore all events. | | _disabled | boolean | Makes the element not focusable and ignore all events. | | _icon | KoliBriHorizontalIcon & KoliBriVerticalIcon &#124; string, string, string &#124; { checked: string; indeterminate?: string; unchecked?: string; } &#124; { checked?: string; indeterminate: string; unchecked?: string; } &#124; { checked?: string; indeterminate?: string; unchecked: string; }, string &#124; { right?: IconOrIconClass; left?: IconOrIconClass; } | Defines the icon classnames (e.g. `_icon="fa-solid fa-user"`). | | _value | Date &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; null, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; null &#124; number, boolean &#124; null &#124; number &#124; object &#124; string, number, number &#124; string, string | Defines the progress. | | _value | Date &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; null, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; null &#124; number, boolean &#124; null &#124; number &#124; object &#124; string, number, number &#124; string, string | Defines the value of the input. | | _value | Date &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; null, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; null &#124; number, boolean &#124; null &#124; number &#124; object &#124; string, number, number &#124; string, string | Defines the value that the button emits on click. | | _id | string | Defines the internal ID of the primary component element. | | _name | string | Defines the technical name of an input field. | | _access-key | string | Defines which key combination can be used to trigger or focus the interactive element of the component. | | _alert | boolean | Defines whether the screen-readers should read out the notification. | | _touched | boolean | Shows if the input was touched by a user. | | _hint | string | Defines the hint text. | | _hide-error | boolean | Hides the error message but leaves it in the DOM for the input's aria-describedby. | | _error | string | Defines the error message text. | | _aria-label | string | Deprecated: Setzt die semantische Beschriftung der Komponente. | | _variant | "bar" &#124; "cycle" &#124; "cycle-label-value" &#124; "cycle-value-label", "block" &#124; "inline", "button" &#124; "checkbox" &#124; "default" &#124; "switch", "card" &#124; "msg", "custom" &#124; "danger" &#124; "ghost" &#124; "normal" &#124; "primary" &#124; "secondary" &#124; "tertiary", "cycle" &#124; "dot" &#124; "none", "primary" &#124; "secondary" | Defines which variant should be used for presentation. | | _variant | "bar" &#124; "cycle" &#124; "cycle-label-value" &#124; "cycle-value-label", "block" &#124; "inline", "button" &#124; "checkbox" &#124; "default" &#124; "switch", "card" &#124; "msg", "custom" &#124; "danger" &#124; "ghost" &#124; "normal" &#124; "primary" &#124; "secondary" &#124; "tertiary", "cycle" &#124; "dot" &#124; "none", "primary" &#124; "secondary" | Deprecated: Defines which variant should be used for presentation. | | _type | "bar" &#124; "cycle" &#124; "cycle-label-value" &#124; "cycle-value-label", "button" &#124; "checkbox" &#124; "default" &#124; "switch", "button" &#124; "reset" &#124; "submit", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "number" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "default" &#124; "error" &#124; "info" &#124; "success" &#124; "warning", "search" &#124; "tel" &#124; "text" &#124; "url" | Defines either the type of the component or of the components interactive element. | | _type | "bar" &#124; "cycle" &#124; "cycle-label-value" &#124; "cycle-value-label", "button" &#124; "checkbox" &#124; "default" &#124; "switch", "button" &#124; "reset" &#124; "submit", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "number" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "default" &#124; "error" &#124; "info" &#124; "success" &#124; "warning", "search" &#124; "tel" &#124; "text" &#124; "url" | Defines which variant should be used for presentation. | | _type | "bar" &#124; "cycle" &#124; "cycle-label-value" &#124; "cycle-value-label", "button" &#124; "checkbox" &#124; "default" &#124; "switch", "button" &#124; "reset" &#124; "submit", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "number" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "default" &#124; "error" &#124; "info" &#124; "success" &#124; "warning", "search" &#124; "tel" &#124; "text" &#124; "url" | Deprecated: Defines either the type of the component or of the components interactive element. | | _type | "bar" &#124; "cycle" &#124; "cycle-label-value" &#124; "cycle-value-label", "button" &#124; "checkbox" &#124; "default" &#124; "switch", "button" &#124; "reset" &#124; "submit", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "number" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "date" &#124; "datetime-local" &#124; "month" &#124; "time" &#124; "week", "default" &#124; "error" &#124; "info" &#124; "success" &#124; "warning", "search" &#124; "tel" &#124; "text" &#124; "url" | Deprecated: Defines which variant should be used for presentation. | | _required | boolean | Makes the input element required. | | _smart-button | string &#124; { _label: string; } & { _tabIndex?: number; _value?: Stringified<stencilunknown>; _accessKey?: string; _iconAlign?: AlignPropType; _iconOnly?: boolean; _role?: AlternativeButtonLinkRolePropType; _ariaControls?: string; _ariaCurrent?: AriaCurrentPropType; _ariaExpanded?: boolean; _ariaLabel?: string; _ariaSelected?: boolean; _on?: ButtonCallbacksPropType<stencilunknown>; _type?: ButtonTypePropType; _variant?: ButtonVariantPropType; _customClass?: string; _disabled?: boolean; _hideLabel?: boolean; _icon?: IconPropType; _id?: string; _name?: string; _syncValueBySelector?: string; _tooltipAlign?: AlignPropType; } | Allows to add a button with an arbitrary action within the element (_hide-label only). | | _list | Option<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, SelectOption<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, string &#124; string[] | Deprecated: Gibt die Liste der Optionen für das Eingabefeld an. | | _list | Option<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, SelectOption<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, string &#124; string[] | Deprecated: Gibt die Liste der Vorschlagswörter an. | | _list | Option<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, SelectOption<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, string &#124; string[] | Deprecated: Gibt die Liste der Vorschlagszahlen an. | | _list | Option<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, SelectOption<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string, W3CInputValue[] &#124; string, string &#124; string[] | Deprecated: Options the user can choose from, also supporting Optgroup. | | _auto-complete | "off" &#124; "on" | Defines whether the input can be auto-completed. | | _suggestions | W3CInputValue[] &#124; string | Suggestions to provide for the input. | | _read-only | boolean | Makes the input element read only. | | _role | "button" &#124; "link" &#124; "tab" | Defines the role of the components primary element. | | _aria-selected | boolean | Defines whether the interactive element of the component is selected (e.g. role=tab). (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-selected) | | _aria-selected | boolean | Deprecated: Defines whether the interactive element of the component is selected (e.g. role=tab). (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-selected) | | _aria-expanded | boolean | Defines whether the interactive element of the component expanded something. (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded) | | _aria-expanded | boolean | Deprecated: Defines whether the interactive element of the component expanded something. (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded) | | _aria-controls | string | Defines which elements are controlled by this component. (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-controls) | | _aria-controls | string | Deprecated: Defines which elements are controlled by this component. (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-controls) | | _placeholder | string | Defines the placeholder for input field. To be shown when there's no value. | | _level | 0 &#124; 1 &#124; 2 &#124; 3 &#124; 4 &#124; 5 &#124; 6 | Defines which H-level from 1-6 the heading has. 0 specifies no heading and is shown as bold text. | | _icon-only | boolean | Deprecated: Hides the label and shows the description in a Tooltip instead. | | _size | number | Setzt die Breite des Eingabefeldes in Buchstabenbreiten. | | _size | number | Wechselt das Eingabeelement in den Auswahlfeld modus und setzt die Höhe des Feldes. | | _max-length | number | Defines the maximum number of input characters. | | _has-counter | boolean | Shows the character count on the lower border of the input. | | _max | Date &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}`, `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; number, number | Defines at which value the progress display is completed. | | _max | Date &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}`, `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; number, number | Defines the largest possible input value. | | _custom-class | string | Defines the custom class attribute if _variant="custom" is set. | | _aria-current | "date" &#124; "location" &#124; "page" &#124; "step" &#124; "time" &#124; boolean | Deprecated: Marks the element as the selected in a group of related elements. Can be one of the following: `date` | `location` | `page` | `step` | `time` | `true`. (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-current) | | _step | number | Defines the step size for value changes. | | _min | Date &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}`, `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}T${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-${number}` &#124; `${number}-W${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}:${number}` &#124; `${number}:${number}` &#124; number, number | Defines the smallest possible input value. | | _src | string | Sets the image `src` attribute to the given string. | | _show | boolean | Makes the element show up. | | _pattern | string | Defines a validation pattern for the input field. | | _multiple | boolean | Makes the input accept multiple inputs. | | _links | BreadcrumbLinkProps[] &#124; string, ButtonOrLinkOrTextWithChildrenProps[] &#124; string, LinkProps[] &#124; string | Defines the list of links combined with their labels to render. | | _links | BreadcrumbLinkProps[] &#124; string, ButtonOrLinkOrTextWithChildrenProps[] &#124; string, LinkProps[] &#124; string | Defines the list of links, buttons or texts to render. | | _href | string | Defines the target URI of the link. | | _href | string | Sets the target URI of the link or citation source. | | _heading | string | Deprecated: Gibt die Beschriftung der Komponente an. | | _has-closer | boolean | Defines whether the element can be closed. | | _align | "bottom" &#124; "left" &#124; "right" &#124; "top" | Defines the alignment of the tooltip, popover or tabs in relation to the element. | | _align | "bottom" &#124; "left" &#124; "right" &#124; "top" | Defines the position of the tab captions. | | _target-description | string | Defines the description to use when the link is going to be opened in another application. | | _target | string | Defines where to open the link. | | _listen-aria-current | "date" &#124; "location" &#124; "page" &#124; "step" &#124; "time" &#124; boolean | Listen on a aria-current event with this value. If the value matches the current value and the href is the same as the current url, the aria-current attribute will be set to current value. | | _download | string | Tells the browser that the link contains a file. Optionally sets the filename. | | _rows | number | Defines how many rows of options should be visible at the same time. | | _rows | number | Defines how many rows of text should be visible at the same time. | | _orientation | "horizontal" &#124; "vertical" | Defines whether the orientation of the component is horizontal or vertical. | | _options | (Option<w3cinputvalue> &#124; Optgroup<w3cinputvalue>)[] &#124; string, Option<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string | Options the user can choose from, also supporting Optgroup. | | _options | (Option<w3cinputvalue> &#124; Optgroup<w3cinputvalue>)[] &#124; string, Option<w3cinputvalue>[] &#124; string | Options the user can choose from. | | _open | boolean | If set (to true) opens/expands the element, closes if not set (or set to false). | | _icon-align | "bottom" &#124; "left" &#124; "right" &#124; "top" | Deprecated: Defines where to show the Tooltip preferably: top, right, bottom or left. | | _caption | string | Deprecated: Defines the visible caption of the component. | | _width | string | Defines the width of the modal. (max-width: 100%) | | _use-case | "image" &#124; "nav" &#124; "text" | Deprecated: Gibt den Verwendungsfall des Links an. | | _stealth | boolean | Deprecated: Gibt an, ob der Link nur beim Fokus sichtbar ist. | | _selector | string | Deprecated: Gibt die ID eines DOM-Elements, zu dem gesprungen werden soll, aus. | | _unit | string | Defines the unit of the step values (not shown). | | _total | number | Setzt die Gesamtanzahl der Seiten. | | _sibling-count | number | Defines the amount of pages to show next to the current page. | | _page-size-options | number[] &#124; string | Defines the options for the page-size-select. | | _page-size | number | Defines the amount of entries to show per page. | | _page | number | Defines the current page. | | _has-buttons | boolean &#124; string &#124; { first: boolean; last: boolean; next: boolean; previous: boolean; } | Defines which navigation buttons to render (first, last, next, previous buttons). | | _boundary-count | number | Defines the amount of pages to show next to the outer arrow buttons. | | _title | string | Deprecated: Dieses Property gibt die Beschreibung oder Erläuterung der Abkürzung an. | | _tabs-align | "bottom" &#124; "left" &#124; "right" &#124; "top" | Deprecated: Setzt die Position der Registrierkarten. | | _tabs | TabButtonProps[] &#124; string | Defines the tab captions. | | _selected | number | Defines which tab is active. | | _symbol | string | Dieses Property gibt den String an der angezeigt werden soll. | | _summary | string | Deprecated: Gibt die Zusammenfassung der Detailbeschreibung an. | | _status | "adding" &#124; "removing" &#124; "settled" | Defines the current toast status. | | _srcset | string | Setzt eine Liste von Quell-URLs mit Breiten der Bilder. | | _sizes | string | Defines the image sizes for different screen resolutions, supporting _srcset. | | _loading | "eager" &#124; "lazy" | Defines the loading mode for the image. | | _alt | string | Setzt den alternativen Text. | | _show-dropdown | boolean | Deprecated: Defines whether to show the dropdown menu. | | _secondary-headline | string | Defines the text of the secondary headline. | | _resize | "both" &#124; "horizontal" &#124; "none" &#124; "vertical" | Defines whether and in which direction the size of the input can be changed by the user. (https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/CSS/resize) | | _adjust-height | boolean | Adjusts the height of the element to its content. | | _required-text | boolean &#124; string | Defines whether the mandatory-fields-hint should be shown. A string overrides the default text. | | _quote | string | Defines the text of the quote. | | _part | string | Deprecated: Gibt den Identifier für den CSS-Part an, um das Icon von Außen ändern zu können. (https://meowni.ca/posts/part-theme-explainer/) | | _pagination | boolean &#124; string &#124; { _page: number; } & { _on?: KoliBriPaginationButtonCallbacks; _page?: number; _total?: number; _boundaryCount?: number; _hasButtons?: boolean &#124; Stringified<paginationhasbutton>; _pageSize?: number; _pageSizeOptions?: Stringified<number []>; _siblingCount?: number; _customClass?: string; _variant?: ButtonVariantPropType; _label?: string; _tooltipAlign?: AlignPropType; } | Defines whether to show the data distributed over multiple pages. | | _min-width | string | Defines the table min-width. | | _headers | string &#124; { horizontal?: KoliBriTableHeaderCell[][]; vertical?: KoliBriTableHeaderCell[][]; } | Defines the horizontal and vertical table headers. | | _data-foot | KoliBriTableDataType[] &#124; string | Defines the data for the table footer. | | _data | KoliBriTableDataType[] &#124; string | Defines the primary table data. | | _indeterminate | boolean | Puts the checkbox in the indeterminate state, does not change the value of _checked. | | _checked | boolean | Defines whether the checkbox is checked or not. Can be read and written. | | _height | string | Deprecated: Defines an individual height. | | _headline | string | Deprecated: Gibt die Beschriftung der Komponente an. | | _has-footer | boolean | Shows the slot="footer". | | _has-compact-button | boolean | Deprecated: Gibt an, ob die Navigation eine zusätzliche Schaltfläche zum Aus- und Einklappen der Navigation anzeigen soll. | | _compact | boolean | Deprecated: Gibt an, ob die Navigation kompakt angezeigt wird. | | _collapsible | boolean | Defines if navigation nodes can be collapsed or not. Enabled by default. | | _aria-current-value | "date" &#124; "location" &#124; "page" &#124; "step" &#124; "time" &#124; boolean | Defines the value of aria-current to be used with the current context within the navigation. | | _color | string &#124; { backgroundColor: string; color: string; } &#124; { backgroundColor: string; foregroundColor: Stringified<characteristiccolors>; } | Defines the backgroundColor and foregroundColor. | | _accept | string | Defines which file formats are accepted. | </characteristiccolors></number></paginationhasbutton></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></w3cinputvalue></stencilunknown></stencilunknown>